com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/NetworkModule_ProvideHomeServicesFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideHomeServicesFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/widget/WeatherWidget_MembersInjector.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.widget.WeatherWidget_MembersInjector
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/FragmentSplashBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.FragmentSplashBinding
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/RepositoryModule_ProvideLocationProviderClientFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.RepositoryModule_ProvideLocationProviderClientFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/home/view/HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.home.view.HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ViewLoadingBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ViewLoadingBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_home_viewmodel_HomeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_home_viewmodel_HomeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_modules_AppPreferencesModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_modules_AppPreferencesModule
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/LocalModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.LocalModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/FragmentSplashBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.FragmentSplashBindingImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/details/viewModel/DetailsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.details.viewModel.DetailsViewModel_Factory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/NetworkModule_ProvideHttpLoggingInterceptorFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideHttpLoggingInterceptorFactory
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideHttpLoggingInterceptorFactory$InstanceHolder
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_BaseApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_BaseApp
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/core/base/view/BaseFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.core.base.view.BaseFragment_MembersInjector
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ItemRvForcastBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ItemRvForcastBindingImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/core/utils/AppPreferences_Factory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.core.utils.AppPreferences_Factory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ItemRvCityWeatherBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ItemRvCityWeatherBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_details_view_CityDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_details_view_CityDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/RepositoryModule_ProvidesHomeRepositoryFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.RepositoryModule_ProvidesHomeRepositoryFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/Hilt_BaseApp.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.Hilt_BaseApp
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.Hilt_BaseApp$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_home_viewmodel_HomeViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_home_viewmodel_HomeViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/splash/view/Hilt_SplashFragment.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.splash.view.Hilt_SplashFragment
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ViewNoPermissionsBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ViewNoPermissionsBinding
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/home/view/Hilt_HomeFragment.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.home.view.Hilt_HomeFragment
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ViewLoadingBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ViewLoadingBindingImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/AppPreferencesModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesEditorFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.AppPreferencesModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesEditorFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/details/viewModel/DetailsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.details.viewModel.DetailsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.details.viewModel.DetailsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_modules_LocalModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_modules_LocalModule
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/details/viewModel/DetailsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.details.viewModel.DetailsViewModel_HiltModules
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.details.viewModel.DetailsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.details.viewModel.DetailsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_modules_RepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_modules_RepositoryModule
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/BaseApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_GeneratedInjector
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/Hilt_MainActivityActivity.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.Hilt_MainActivityActivity
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.Hilt_MainActivityActivity$1
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ViewNoGpsBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ViewNoGpsBindingImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/AppPreferencesModule_ProvidesApplicationFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.AppPreferencesModule_ProvidesApplicationFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ItemRvCityWeatherBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ItemRvCityWeatherBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_widget_WeatherWidget_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_widget_WeatherWidget_GeneratedInjector
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ViewNoInternetBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ViewNoInternetBinding
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/db/CityDao_Impl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDao_Impl
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDao_Impl$1
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDao_Impl$10
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDao_Impl$2
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDao_Impl$3
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDao_Impl$4
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDao_Impl$5
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDao_Impl$6
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDao_Impl$7
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDao_Impl$8
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDao_Impl$9
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/BR.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BR
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_home_view_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_home_view_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/FragmentCityDetailsBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.FragmentCityDetailsBinding
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/BaseApp_HiltComponents.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/NetworkModule_ProvideHomeGooglePlacesFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideHomeGooglePlacesFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ViewNoGpsBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ViewNoGpsBinding
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ItemRvForcastBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ItemRvForcastBinding
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_modules_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_modules_NetworkModule
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/db/ForecastCityDao_Impl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.ForecastCityDao_Impl
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.ForecastCityDao_Impl$1
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.ForecastCityDao_Impl$2
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.ForecastCityDao_Impl$3
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.ForecastCityDao_Impl$4
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.ForecastCityDao_Impl$5
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.ForecastCityDao_Impl$6
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.ForecastCityDao_Impl$7
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.ForecastCityDao_Impl$8
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/RepositoryModule_ProvidesDetailsRepositoryImpFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.RepositoryModule_ProvidesDetailsRepositoryImpFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/BaseApp_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BaseApp_ComponentTreeDeps
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/RepositoryModule_ProvideLocationProviderFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.RepositoryModule_ProvideLocationProviderFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/LocalModule_CityDaoFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.LocalModule_CityDaoFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_BaseApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_BaseApp_GeneratedInjector
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/widget/Hilt_WeatherWidget.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.widget.Hilt_WeatherWidget
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/AppPreferencesModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesHelperFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.AppPreferencesModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesHelperFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/NetworkModule_ProvideHeadersInterceptorFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideHeadersInterceptorFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DaggerBaseApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/LocalModule_ForecastCityDaoFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.LocalModule_ForecastCityDaoFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/RepositoryModule_ProvidesHomeRepositoryImpFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.RepositoryModule_ProvidesHomeRepositoryImpFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_details_viewModel_DetailsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_details_viewModel_DetailsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/widget/WeatherWidget_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.widget.WeatherWidget_GeneratedInjector
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/home/viewmodel/HomeViewModel_Factory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.home.viewmodel.HomeViewModel_Factory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/MainActivityActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.MainActivityActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_splash_view_SplashFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_splash_view_SplashFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/splash/view/SplashFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.splash.view.SplashFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ContainerDetailsBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ContainerDetailsBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_MainActivityActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_MainActivityActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/AppPreferencesModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.AppPreferencesModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/NetworkModule_ProvideGsonFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideGsonFactory
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.NetworkModule_ProvideGsonFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_details_viewModel_DetailsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_ui_details_viewModel_DetailsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/details/view/Hilt_CityDetailsFragment.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.details.view.Hilt_CityDetailsFragment
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/db/CityDatabase_Impl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDatabase_Impl
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.db.CityDatabase_Impl$1
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/home/viewmodel/HomeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.home.viewmodel.HomeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.home.viewmodel.HomeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ContainerDetailsBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ContainerDetailsBinding
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/RepositoryModule_ProvidesWidgetRepositoryFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.RepositoryModule_ProvidesWidgetRepositoryFactory
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_wf_weatherforcastexample_BaseApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_wf_weatherforcastexample_BaseApp
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/home/viewmodel/HomeViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.home.viewmodel.HomeViewModel_HiltModules
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.home.viewmodel.HomeViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.home.viewmodel.HomeViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ContainerSplashBinding.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ContainerSplashBinding
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/FragmentCityDetailsBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.FragmentCityDetailsBindingImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/modules/RepositoryModule_ProvidesDetailsRepositoryFactory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.modules.RepositoryModule_ProvidesDetailsRepositoryFactory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ContainerSplashBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ContainerSplashBindingImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ViewNoPermissionsBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ViewNoPermissionsBindingImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/core/utils/Extensions_Factory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.core.utils.Extensions_Factory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/widget/WidgetRepository_Factory.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.widget.WidgetRepository_Factory
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/BuildConfig.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.BuildConfig
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/databinding/ViewNoInternetBindingImpl.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.databinding.ViewNoInternetBindingImpl
com/wf/weatherforcastexample/ui/details/view/CityDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.wf.weatherforcastexample.ui.details.view.CityDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
